= THIS IS A REAL WORK IN PROGRESS

I use this stuff on a regular basis to test zxing but I haven't had
time to cleanup all the gem stuff in order to install it as a gem,
particularly with all the various VM stuff and dynamic linking. For
example, it currently uses scons to build the C++
directory. Translating that to ruby so as not not to require python
would be nice but seems tricky, at least for me.

If you have the time to contribute improvements in any of these (or
other areas), they're welcome.

I tried to make the interface compatible with the ecin's zxing gem but
I'm not sure how complete that is right now. I don't use it, so ...

= zxing.rb

* http://github.com/smparkes/zxing.rb

== DESCRIPTION:

zxing.rb is a Ruby interface to the ZXing barcode library.

== FEATURES:

* Supports ZXing Java under jruby
* Supports ZXing C++ under ruby 1.8 and 1.9

I've played with MacRuby but it was a while ago and I don't think I
ever integrated that support with this (proto)gem.

== SUPPORT:

The {bug tracker}[http://github.com/smparkes/zxing.rb/issues]
is available here:

   http://github.com/smparkes/zxing.rb/issues

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'zxing'
  result = ZXing.decode "myimage.png"

zxing.rb also comes with a command that decodes images: zxd:

  $ zxd filename.png
  <decoded contents>

+zxd+ can take multiple arguments and the arguments can be URLs.

zxing.rb provides access to many of the classes of ZXing classes like
readers, luminance sources, binarizers, so you can mix and match your
own applications much as you would with a native Java or C++ app. See
+zxd+ and +test/vendor.rb+ for examples.

There is a proto-encoder (zxe) but I don't think it's hooked up. I
thought it was at some point, but ...

=== Using the ZXing module

    require 'zxing'

    # You can decode a URL...
    ZXing.decode 'http://2d-code.co.uk/images/bbc-logo-in-qr-code.gif'

    # ... or a file path...
    ZXing.decode '/Users/ecin/qrcode.png'

    # ... or a File object...
    ZXing.decode File.open('qrcode.png')

    # ... or anything that returns a URL or file path when #path or #to_s 
    # is called on it.
    class Image
      attr_reader :path
      def initialize(path); @path = path end
    end

    image = Image.new('qrcode.png')
    ZXing.decode image
      
    # #decode returns nil if it can't decode the image.
    ZXing.decode 'image_without_a_code.png'
    # => nil

    # #decode! will raise an error if it can't decode the image.
    ZXing.decode! 'image_without_a_code.png'
    # => NativeException

    # Feel free to include ZXing to shorten the call.
    include ZXing

    decode 'qrcode.png'

=== Including the Decodable module

     require 'zxing/decodable'

     class File
       include Decodable
     end

     file = File.open('qrcode.png')
     file.decode

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby 1.8, 1.9, or jruby
* rmagick on ruby 1.8/1.9

zxing.rb bundles a version of zxing.

== INSTALL:

The gem packaging is incomplete. For now, you need to clone the repo,
get zxing as a submodule (git submodule update --init) and then you
can build and run the tests.

== DEVELOPMENT:

  rake test && rake zxing:test

<tt>rake test</tt> runs the zxing.rb unit tests. <tt>rake
zxing:test</tt> runs the standard ZXing blackbox tests. You can give
<tt>rake zxing:test</tt> a parameter to only run matching tests (based
on file globing). For example, <tt>rake zxing:test[qrcode-2/1]</tt>
will run the qrcode tests in set 2 that start with 1 (1, 10, 11, etc.)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 {Steven Parkes}[http://github.com/smparkes]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
